# Enchantment List



<table data-header-hidden data-full-width="true"><thead><tr><th>Enchantment</th><th>Description</th><th>Applies to</th><th>Rarity</th><th>Max Levels</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Abiding</td><td>Weapons with this enchant become unbreakable</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Legendary</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Aegis</td><td>Chance to gain speed when taking fall damage.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Allure</td><td>Your attack pulls mobs towards you.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Ambit</td><td>Damages mobs within a radius that increases with the level of enchant.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Angelic</td><td>Heals health when damaged.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Auto Reel</td><td>Automatically reels in the fishing rod when it gets a bite.</td><td>Fishing Rods</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Aqua</td><td>Deal double damage while in water.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Aquatic</td><td>Breathe underwater.</td><td>Helmets</td><td>Simple</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Archer</td><td>Increases damage dealt with bows.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Armored</td><td>Decreases damage from enemy swords by 2% per level.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Arrow Break</td><td>Chance for arrows to bounce off you while holding item with this enchant.</td><td>Axe</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Arrow Deflect</td><td>Chance to prevent enemy arrow from dealing damage.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Axe of Spirits</td><td>Chance to get more souls from killing players.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Bait</td><td>Chance to receive double fishing drops.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Barbarian</td><td>Chance to inflicts more axe damage.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Beastslayer</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Hostile Mobs.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Berserk</td><td>Chance of strength and mining fatigue.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Unique</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Blacksmith</td><td>Repair your weapon in exchange for dealing less damage.</td><td>Axe</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Bleed</td><td>Make your opponent bleed.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Blind</td><td>A chance of causing blindness when attacking.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Block</td><td>A chance to negate an attack and deal up to 4 damage back.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Blunt Force</td><td>Chance to strike with great force.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Bone Crusher</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Skeletons.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Bowmaster</td><td>Multiplies damage against players who are wielding a Sword at the time they are hit.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Carrot Planter</td><td>Plant carrots in a 3x3 area by shift+right-clicking.</td><td>Hoes</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Chaos</td><td>Deal weakness and wither effects.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Chunky</td><td>Chance to receive less damage.</td><td>Chestplates</td><td>Legendary</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Cleave</td><td>Damages players within a radius that increases with the level of enchant.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>7</td></tr><tr><td>Confuse</td><td>Chance to give nausea effect.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Convulse</td><td>Chance to throw your attackers into the air.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Legendary</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Creeper Armor</td><td>Chance to be immune to explosive damage, at higher levels you have a chance to heal.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Critical</td><td>Increase damage done with critical hit.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Curse</td><td>Chance to give your enemy mining fatigue.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Deadshot</td><td>Headshots with tridents deal double damage.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Death Punch</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Zombies.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Simple</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Decapitation</td><td>Chance to have opponents head drop on death.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Deranged</td><td>Strike lightning at nearby players.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Devour</td><td>Chance to restore food while killing mobs.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Unique</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Diminish</td><td>Chance to give your enemy mining fatigue.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Diploid</td><td>Chance to multiply mob drops. Costs 5 souls / activation.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Fabled</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Disappear</td><td>Chance to become invisible when low on health.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Disarm</td><td>Chance to disarm opponent.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Disarmor</td><td>Chance of unequipping random armor piece from your opponent.</td><td>Sword</td><td>Legendary</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Disintegrate</td><td>Chance to deal extra durability damage to all enemy armor with every attack.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Distance</td><td>Chance to distance yourself from your enemies and gain regeneration.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Divert</td><td>Chance of poisoning opponent and gaining regeneration.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Dodge</td><td>Chance to dodge physical enemy, chance increases when sneaking.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Double Strike</td><td>A chance to strike twice.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Ender Slayer</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Enderman and Ender dragons.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Endmaster</td><td>Double damage to mobs in End.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Epicness</td><td>Display particles on attack.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Exalted</td><td>A chance of removing bad potion effects.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Experience</td><td>Chance to get more experience from ores.</td><td>Tools</td><td>Simple</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Explosive</td><td>Chance for arrows to explode.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Unique</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Explosive Demise</td><td>Summon creepers as your guards when near death.</td><td>Leggings</td><td>Unique</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Extinguish</td><td>Chance to extinguish yourself when on fire.</td><td>Leggings</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Famine</td><td>A chance to give your opponent the hunger effect.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Featherweight</td><td>Chance to get a burst of haste.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Unique</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Forcefield</td><td>Chance to push away your opponent.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Simple</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Frenzy</td><td>Chance for arrows to explode.</td><td>Crossbow</td><td>Unique</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Frozen</td><td>Can cause slowness to attacker when defending.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Fire Hook</td><td>The hook is on fire.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Fuddle</td><td>Disorganize opponent's hotbar.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Fumble</td><td>Chance to explode enemy when hit by their arrows.</td><td>Chestplate</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Gears</td><td>Added speed when equipped.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Glowing</td><td>Gives permanent night vision.</td><td>Helmet</td><td>Simple</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Greatsword</td><td>Multiplies damage against players who are wielding a Bow at the time they are hit.</td><td>Sword</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Guardians</td><td>A chance to spawn iron golems to assist you and watch over you.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Hardened</td><td>Chance to recover durability when damaged by players.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Haste</td><td>Allows you to swing your tools faster.</td><td>Tools</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Hasten</td><td>Chance to gain Haste after breaking blocks.</td><td>Tools</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Heavy</td><td>Decreases damage from enemy bows by 2% per level.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Hellfire</td><td>Arrows turn into fireballs.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Hook</td><td>Get more exp from fishing.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Hook</td><td>Chance to increase luck while fishing.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Hunter</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Passive Mobs.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Ice Aspect</td><td>A chance of causing the slowness effect on your enemy.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Immolate</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Spiders.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Immolation</td><td>Set all mobs in radius on fire.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Immortal</td><td>Chance to prevents your armor from taking durability damage.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Fabled</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Impact</td><td>Chance to double dealt damage.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Implants</td><td>Chance to restore food every few seconds.</td><td>Helmets</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Infernal</td><td>Explosive fire effect.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Inflame</td><td>Set all players in radius on fire.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Inquisitive</td><td>Chance to increase EXP drops from mobs.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Interrupt</td><td>Chance to give your enemy mining fatigue.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Jelly Legs</td><td>Chance to negate fall damage.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Judgement</td><td>Chance of poisoning opponent and gaining regeneration.</td><td>Elytra</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Kill Aura</td><td>Chance to kill multiple\nmonsters in radius.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Launch</td><td>Launch yourself by right-clicking.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Lava Walker</td><td>Walk on Lava.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Legendary</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Lifesteal</td><td>A chance to steal health when attacking.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Longbow</td><td>Greatly increases damage dealt to enemy players that have a bow in their hands.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Lucid</td><td>Chance to cure blindness and gain night vision when hit.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Magnet</td><td>Your attack pulls players towards you.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Marksman</td><td>Increases damage dealt with Crossbows.</td><td>Crossbow</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Missile</td><td>Arrows turn into fireballs.</td><td>Crossbow</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Molten</td><td>Chance of setting your attacker ablaze.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Momentum</td><td>Chance to gain speed boost with fireworks.</td><td>Elytra</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Multiplication</td><td>Chance to multiply ore drops. Costs 5 souls / activation.</td><td>Pickaxe</td><td>Fabled</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Nether Slayer</td><td>Increases damage dealt to nether mobs.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Netherling</td><td>Double damage to mobs in Nether.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Neutralize</td><td>Chance to disarm opponent.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow</td><td>Fabled</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Night Owl</td><td>Deal more damage to mobs at night.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Nightwalker</td><td>Freeze mobs at night.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Nulify</td><td>Chance to reflect attack and multiply damage. Costs 40 souls / activation.</td><td>Leggings</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Obsidianshield</td><td>Gives permanent fire resistance.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Overload</td><td>Unlocks additional hearts.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Paralyze</td><td>Gives lightning effect and a chance for slowness and slow swinging.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Patch</td><td>Chance to recover durability when damaged by mobs.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Perish</td><td>A chance to give the wither effect.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Unique</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Permafrost</td><td>Chance slow and bleed opponents.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Phoenix</td><td>Chance to revive yourself when killed.</td><td>Chestplates</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Piercing</td><td>Inflicts more damage.</td><td>Bows</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Planter</td><td>Plant seeds in a 3x3 area by shift+right-clicking.</td><td>Hoes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Plummet</td><td>Deal damage to nearby mobs when taking fall damage.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Poison</td><td>A chance of giving poison effect.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Poisoned Hook</td><td>Poisons the hook.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Poisoned</td><td>Chance to give poison to your attacker.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Poseidon</td><td>Increases damage dealt with Tridents.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Potato Planter</td><td>Plant potatoes in a 3x3 area by shift+right-clicking.</td><td>Hoes</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Ragdoll</td><td>Chance to be pushed back when getting hit.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Ravenous</td><td>Chance to regain hunger while fighting.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Reaper</td><td>A chance to give your opponent the Wither and Blindness effects while dealing damage</td><td>Axe</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Rebound</td><td>Gain some health back after kills.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Rebreather</td><td>Chance to regain air when mining under water.</td><td>Pickaxe</td><td>Simple</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Reflect</td><td>Absorb enemy damage and reflect it back.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Unique</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Reforged</td><td>Protects weapons and tools durability, items will be take longer to break.</td><td>Weapons and tools</td><td>Elite</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Reinforced</td><td>Reduces damage dealt to you.</td><td>Elytra</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Replanter</td><td>Replants crops when harvested</td><td>Hoes</td><td>Unique</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Replenish</td><td>Chance to restore food while mining.</td><td>Pickaxes</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Restore</td><td>Upon breaking, item has a chance to lose this enchantment and repair half of its durability.</td><td>Tools</td><td>Fabled</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Rocket Escape</td><td>Blast off into the air at low HP.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Rush</td><td>Chance of speed boost when taking off with elytra. Costs 10 souls / activation.</td><td>Elytra</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Safeguard</td><td>Chance to gain Damage Resistance when defending.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Scare</td><td>Chance to replace your opponents helmet\nto a pumpkin for a short time.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Fabled</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Shatter</td><td>Chance to deal extra durability damage to all enemy armor with every attack.</td><td>Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Sharpness Hook</td><td>Deal damage with the hook.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Shockwave</td><td>Chance to push back your attacker when your health is low.</td><td>Chestplates</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Slayer</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Passive Mobs.</td><td>Swords, Axes</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Slingshot</td><td>Boost yourself into flight by right-clicking.</td><td>Elytra</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Smelting</td><td>Chance to smelt mined blocks.</td><td>Pickaxes</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Smoke Bomb</td><td>When you are near death, you will spawn a smoke bomb to distract your enemies.</td><td>Helmet</td><td>Elite</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Snap</td><td>Pull hit entity towards you.</td><td>Fishing Rod</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Snare</td><td>Chance to slow and fatigue enemies with projectiles.</td><td>Bows</td><td>Elite</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Sniper</td><td>Headshots with bows deal double damage.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Soulbound</td><td>A chance to keep item on death.</td><td>Weapons + Tools + Bows</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Soulgrind</td><td>Chance to get souls by killing mobs.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Soulless</td><td>Increases damage dealt to Hostile Mobs.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Soulminer</td><td>Chance to get souls by mining.</td><td>Pickaxe</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Spark</td><td>Light opponents on fire.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Spiritmaster</td><td>Chance to get more souls from killing players.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Fabled</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Spirits</td><td>Chance to spawn guard blazes.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Springs</td><td>Gives jump boost.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Strife</td><td>Increases Trident melee damage.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Strike</td><td>Chance to strike lightning at the opponent.</td><td>Swords, Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Simple</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Striker</td><td>Rain arrows over opponent.</td><td>Bow</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Suspend</td><td>Chance to cause no knockback to mobs.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Swordsman</td><td>Chance to reduces incoming damage while wielding a sword by up to 22% at max level.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Tank</td><td>Chance to decreases damage from enemy axes by 2% per level.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Telepathy</td><td>Automatically places blocks broken by tools in your inventory.</td><td>Tools</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Thunderlord</td><td>Strike monsters with lightning every 3 consecutive hits.</td><td>Weapons</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Timber</td><td>Chance to break a tree in one hit</td><td>Axes</td><td>Ultimate</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Trench</td><td>Chance to break in 3x3 area.</td><td>Pickaxes, Shovels</td><td>Fabled</td><td>9</td></tr><tr><td>Trickster</td><td>When hit you have a chance to teleport directly behind you opponent.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>8</td></tr><tr><td>Turmoil</td><td>Chance to prevent opponents guards from spawning.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Twinge</td><td>Make your enemy bleed, if hit using melee attack.</td><td>Trident</td><td>Legendary</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Unbreakable</td><td>Tools with this enchant become unbreakable</td><td>Tools</td><td>Fabled</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Undead Ruse</td><td>When hit you have a chance to spawn zombie hordes to distract and disorient your opponents.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Elite</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Unholy</td><td>Defend with weakness and wither effects.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Legendary</td><td>5</td></tr><tr><td>Vampire</td><td>A chance to heal you for up to 3hp a few seconds after you strike.</td><td>Swords</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Vein Miner</td><td>Mine entire vein of ores</td><td>Pickaxes</td><td>Elite</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Virus</td><td>A chance of giving poison effect.</td><td>Bow, Crossbow, Trident</td><td>Unique</td><td>3</td></tr><tr><td>Voodoo</td><td>Gives a chance to deal weakness.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>6</td></tr><tr><td>Ward</td><td>A chance to absorb enemy damage</td><td>Armor</td><td>Unique</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Water Walker</td><td>Walk on Water.</td><td>Boots</td><td>Legendary</td><td>1</td></tr><tr><td>Wither</td><td>A chance to give the wither effect.</td><td>Armor</td><td>Elite</td><td>5</td></tr></tbody></table>
